and now youtube friends like they are
I hope you are super well of the best
you speak to them friends students mx gamer and
well we are in a new video tutorial
good a little fast
well this time this time he gave them
how to download and install in the king
mod for the 17.5 for minecraft since
many use this mode they like it
It's worth to see the minerals and good
I'll leave to start this link in the
registration is going to re-elect them
what and good guys how can you see here
7.5 is installed which is in beta by
the truth, I do not think there is any
problem and is compatible with fort well
that is so it's better not to compete
with forza is pending is worth in
but I tell you that I do not think that
is going to leave error the truth is that no
how it has so much to do extreme like this
a lot if we want to give professionals here
down load since it tells us what pace to
17.5 and good we go for the five
seconds of adf live
ok and let's give it to jump advertising
and they will be downloaded, they will give
I was waiting for you to download the
truth very fast does not weigh anything
and well the next thing I know is that I
I always tell them to pass it on
desk
ok you can close here as you guys
have the water left analyzed
good guys once you have it in the
desk is very easy what they are going to be
with this they are simply going to double
click
double click here executes the file
that is already looking for its perfect automatically
and this is where this one is going to be installed
select the truth that 17.5 has to
be here and you can understand it
name in the case that leaves it if so
what you leave it like this is true for
that they already recognize it and it is worth
make sure you're at 85 and
simply already exactly before vélez goes
to see where your will be
minecraft where the injury is going
download there is no problem
we're just going to give for here you
we give a click and it is very fast is the
process plus this and that will be here
message you accept and ready guys
and good
we open next to open minecraft
I'm going to open this case
ballistic
anyway
and I hope that the minecraft comes out
because they exist so much for the east with the
micro
what is good and we are already in the
minecraft of launcher and good now yes
let's see how for example here they can
see was that the 17.4 but good for
load the rhythm demand here edit
profile like many lounge comes first
they have it here, there's nothing here
profile they will give you here and simply
the roll up good are going to
look up and good as you can
see here is
17.53 are going to click here here they go
to 6 profile and ready what is known and
he's going to give you this since you have to give him
play
the truth without any error and good
Boys
we are to be at 17.5 and we are going to
create a new world
the world good guys the truth is very
simple this and then the truth will say that
I do it because many as I say
they will use it for 175 and how they can
see in the lower part it appears
what they see is a happy and worth
guys how do you all know with x we ​​can
see god
for x we can see the minerals there is
the truth is that there is no error
it's just very simple the mode
rhythm and well there we can see all the
minerals below
we can see all the goods that there is the
truth is that with him we can also see
we can shine with give and with x
we can also see everything here
and good guys there this is so that what
try
well nothing too
I do not really forget it was for the
montañita to the I do not remember a friend who
he told me my subscriber told me it was
for the mountains not something like that I do not
I agree the truth but I do not give it much
before that key more than the good xl
guys, the truth is that this is the
world
I do not use it even if you do not believe me
I use it for servers nothing always
I do it for you because I know that
many silvana if they occupy it to troll
and I really do not use this server
is the truth simply to troll in
others that the truth I will never enter
there yes but out of that and not good
guys 7 do it all the video tutorial
today if you liked it for
please remember to give it a like that I
they help a lot to continue doing these
tutorials and good remember
subscribe fundamental to you is
fundamental that you subscribe so that
continue to support the channel is worth and to continue
go ahead all this and we're also going to
gameplay have selected the boys
so good subscribe you stop for more
videos and good comment any other
ask and I have my posters with
description why
Good question see you next time
goodbye guys